Tennative Status Update 
1: Quiz

2: Midterm is most likely March 7th and the project 1 will be due. Bring calculator for midterm and a handwritten cheatsheet, one side of paper only! 

3: Project 1. 
	Submission: Github link via Blackboard. 
	Github Repo: Make sure it's not private and organize it with folders. 
		*Repo should also include all of the screenshots and documentation
		*Screenshots and documentation should be in Word format with
		 screenshots of any output that the program produces. 
		*Github essay, 2 line header. 
	Formula Sheet: Make it "nice." Use Word. 
	Stats Library: Write a method that solves each of these: set operations, central tendancies, standard deviation, variance, factorial via bigInteger and longs, permutations, combinations, determine dependancy and independancy and conditional probability. 
		*Show all methods tested and use seperate tester class for each part. 

Pokemon Card Game Simulation: 
	Document everything! Screenshots, Java doc., code comments, Word document describing, how the program works.
	Include: Montecarlo simulation of the card draw and the results, documented as described above.
	Include: A functioning copy of the base game in mostly simple form.
		You'll need the following: Have a few basic Pokemon, we'll say 3 or more and program the attacks. 
		We'll need only basic energy. Handle their attachment to a Pokemon.
		We'll need a few basic trainer cards, we'll say 3 again, including Nestball and Professor's Research. 
		All of these should subclass Card and implement an interface as needed.
		Individual cards should manage their own conditionals. No giant branching if elses. 
	Have a game that holds 2 player objects. They have a hand, deck, discard, bench, active, and prize.
		Deck is 60 cards, you pick the distribution.
	Write helper method as needed such as "Print hand, print deck, print instructions etc." 
	Write an engine for your game: run() that includes a while loop waiting for one of the players to run out of prizes and win the game. 
		The while loop, will loop between player1Turn() checkIfWinner() player2Turn() checkIfWinner()
	A player turn is: Draw a card, play cards, attack.
	Rules nuances: I don't really care. Ie. If your hand doesn't have a single pokemon handle however you want. 
	Use Scanner class to get input from a user. 

